Hi, Vogue. I'm Haley Bieber and this is
what's in my
[Music]
bag. So, first things first, this is my
hand cream that I have with me at all
times, you know, just for when my hands
are feeling a little bit dry. So, that's
my hand cream. Um, next thing is this is
my sleeping mask that I wear when I'm
[Music]
sleeping. You
know, this is my favorite perfume. I've
basically been wearing this my entire
life. I'm obsessed with it. It smells
really vanilla. It's really gorgeous.
It really does all the work for you
without you having to do anything. Very
effortless. These are just a couple of
books that I've been reading. I love
this one. Um probably my fourth or fifth
time reading it. So good. Um another one
that I've been loving recently. This is
actually my second copy of it. Yeah,
been taking a lot of notes from this
one.
This, of course, is my road lip
treatment. Obsessed with this. Take it
with me everywhere. I always keep a
couple on
[Music]
me. Oh, one
more. Just keep those
there. This is my journal. This is where
I put all my thoughts. All of my ideas
go into
this. I couldn't go anywhere without
it. I feel like my whole life is in
here.
It's precious to me. This is a little
bare keychain I've had since I was a
teenager.
And this is a little pocket mirror that
I keep with me for touch-ups and what
have you. This is my phone. Very
straightforward,
obviously. These are a couple more that
I keep on me. And I really just use them
for a lot of the simple stuff like
surfing anonymously, commenting,
stalking, viewing girls pages, um making
multiple
accounts, you know, that kind of
thing. People ask me about my skincare
routine all the time, and I'm very open
about it. I talk about all the things I
use, all of the treatments I've tried,
and I'm usually not a gatekeeper, but I
have been gatekeeping this one because
it's really, really special to me, but
I'm going to share it today. Basically,
this is a really rare and special face
mask that you can only get if you get on
a sailboat and sail to the Bermuda
Triangle. Once you get there, you have
to track down the incredibly rare
sunfish and you have to harvest their
eggs, but you can only harvest one in a
thousand because those specific eggs
have the correct DNA to make this mask.
So, it's very special to me, but does
wonders wonders for the skin.
Anyways, this is my scrunchie that
obviously I keep with me at all times. I
like to put it on my wrist sometimes.
And oh, here's another lip treatment.
Add it to the
pile. What is this doing in
[Music]
here? Delicious. This is my Haley Bieber
smoothie. I have one every single day.
I would say it's probably 90% of the
reason why my skin looks the way it
[Applause]
does. I read online that videos with
small animals get a lot more likes and
comments.
So, this is Bonnie. Bonnie's going to be
joining me today. And I really do like
to have just a little companion with me
at all times, typically in my bag with
me. But in all seriousness, if you are
looking to adopt, Pups Without Borders
is a great place to check out.
Bonnie, you're a good girl.
Okay, so last but not least, this is a
little tincture potion that I got. I
would say probably when I was around 12.
My dad flew me to go meet with this
witch who lived in the mountains and she
made this specifically for me. She told
me that it would make a young Canadian
pop star fall in love with me. So yeah,
been taking this one for years.
Absolutely love it. And
um yeah, thanks
Dad. Bonnie, I have to do the outro with
you here. So, that's everything that was
in my bag. Thank you so much for
watching. I hope you guys learned a lot
about me watching this video. Thank you,
Vogue. I appreciate you guys. Love you
guys. And thank you to Bonnie.
[Music]